W.A.S.T.E 16

Plans for work on the new album are underway, as are preparations for
the forthcoming Amnesty Festival.  The band had a well-deserved break
following the last year of touring and will be back in the studio in
the New Year.

w.a.s.t.e has just taken over new premises to house the rapidly
expanding 'fanclub' along with the merchandise that the band design
under their w.a.s.t.e label.  In total we are four people working
towards giving Radiohead fans what the band hope they want.  We work
alongside
Stanley Donwood and the band to ensure that everything we do comes from them
directly.  Stanley and The White Chocolate Farm are the creative force for
all
the
logos and artwork you ever see related to Radiohead or w.a.s.t.e
products, along with their own NODATA designs, which are all housed on
the web-site at www.radiohead.com.

Amnesty International 1998
Radiohead will be playing in their first European gig this year in
support of Amnesty International at the biggest human rights concert to
hit the world for a decade.  On 10 December 1998, the 50th anniversary
of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Amnesty International and
The Body Shop are to hold a major international concert to celebrate the
courage of thousands of human rights defenders around the world. Tickets
go on sale on the 7th October from Bercy Stadium Box office Telephone:
(International dialling code) +33 1 44 68 44 68.  UK concert tickets
from: International Concert travel: 01733 571 616.

Meeting People Is Easy
A feature length documentary video due for release on the 16th November
1998, showing footage from the 1997-1998 tour.  Grant Gee (who made the 'No
Surprises' video) spent a year on and off with Radiohead.  'Meeting People
Is
Easy' presents a view from the inside and looking out.  Included are
performances from
Barcelona, Paris, New York and Tokyo, as well as the beginnings of new
material.  [**Note from Plain Jane PR:  This is the European release only.
The video will be released in the US and elsewhere in 1999.]

w.a.s.t.e
Firstly, thanks to you all for your letters and gifts to the band and
also for your letters to w.a.s.t.e and your encouragement that we are
giving the service fans want.  Credit goes to all the people who run
their own fan services via fanzines, fanclubs, on-line groups and web-
sites.  We never cease to be impressed by the time, dedication and
creativity so many fans put into the work they do.  To name only a few
thanks to Barbara, Laura, Stefania et al for their Oxygen publications,
to Max, Michael and all who work on the Planet Telex site, Richard
Arthur for his work on the discographies, C.A.R.S, Ed's Kinky Shoelace,
Sarey Products and Cathryn Ellis for her Headcase fanzine.  Love and
best wishes go to Tique for her quick and full recovery.

Mel. xxx

PS.
There will be a lot of changes to the Radiohead website soon.  Very
soon.  Maybe it will be completely different.  I don't know.  But you'll
see.  We've done lots already and we're going to hide in a remote shack
on a windswept mountain until www.radiohead.com is ready.  The quote at
the top of this letter will be the front page though.  Probably.
Actually, I've just had a thought; it would be good if anyone who does
anything interesting (not necessarily Radiohead related) online could
send their URL's to Mel at the usual place.  Then she might send them to
me.  And I could put them on a links page.  Which might actually be easy
to find.  Not too easy though.  Anyway, I've got to go and gather dust
now.  Goodbye.  I'm sorry we don't update the website very often.

Stanley
